Part 1:

For part one, the requests were:
	1. Find two numbers that add up to 2020.
	2. Return the product of the two numbers.

	From this, I knew that my thinking had to focus on the idea of:
		num1 + num2 = 2020

	Now, how would I go about this?

	Well, the easiest thing to do would be to find the largest and the smallest, and add them together and slowly move inwards.
	Knowing this, I knew that I needed to sort the numbers.
	Once I sorted the numbers, I could begin with the actual code.

	First off, I had to convert the data into readable code.
	Copy and pasting showed that I would get roughly 200 lines of snigle numbers.
	Because python allows multiple line variables, I chose to work within it.
	I put block quotes around the numbers and split the new variable on "\n" creating my array of numbers.
	Because split returned an array of strings, I converted them all to integers.

	I chose to keep track of the indices, as it would be easier to reference later.
	I set the first number to 0, the first index, and the second to the length of the array I created minus 1, the last index.
	Now, I could create a while loop that had three if statements within:
		The first, to check if I had already met the target number;
		The second, to check if I had not hit the target number;
		And the last, to check if I had overshot the target number;

	If I had not hit the target number, I would increase the front index by 1.
	If I had overshot the target number, I would decrease the end index by 1.
	If I had hit the target, I would break the while loop and return my two numbers and their product.

	My final results were:
		front = 936
		end = 1084
		product = 1014624
	Which was the correct answer.

For part 2, the requests were:
	1. Find the 3 numbers that add up to 2020.
	2. Return the product of the two numbers.

	From this, I knew that the solution would be similar to part 1.

	I ended up using the same code, but this time, nesting it within a for loop that would increment the first number.
	The nested while loop I used before would be used for the second two numbers.
	I couldn't quite figure out how to break out of both the while and for loops cleanly at the point where the target was hit,
	so I ended up simply printing out the three numbers and the total the moment the target was hit.

	My final results were:
		numbers = 93 704 1223
		product = 80072256
	Which was the correct number.